README.md, before:

# Updating Your Windows System and Installing Applications

WSL2 is compatible with the Home, Pro, or Server editions of Windows but not
Windows 10 S (although you can often upgrade to the Home edition for free).

## Check That your Windows system is Compatible with Flatiron School’s Requirements

When working on software, your computer and the software you’re using must be
compatible. In this step, we’ll ensure that you are able to install all the
tools that you will need to complete the program.

### Action Item: Check your Windows System Specifications

1. Open the "Settings" application using the "Start" menu
2. Select the "System" option
3. Select "About" at the bottom of the list
4. Scroll down to the "Windows specifications" heading
5. Check that your "Edition" is one of the following: Windows 10 Home, Windows
   10 Pro, Windows 10 Server
6. Check that your "Version" is greater than or equal to "2004"
7. Check that your "OS build" is greater than "19041.000"

### Check Your Work

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RbmtGFuqmtw" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

If your "Edition", "Version" and "OS build" meet the requirements listed above,
skip the next step and continue below. Otherwise, continue with the next step to
update to the latest version of Windows 10.

## Update to the Latest Version of Windows 10

Before moving on, make sure that you’re using the latest version of Windows 10.
The Windows May 2020 update is essential. Follow the steps below to update your
operating system.

### Action Item: Update to the Latest Version of Windows 10

1. Open the Windows 10 Disc Image webpage
   (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/software-download/windows10)
2. Click the "Update now" button
3. Select "Run" from the pop-up and allow the app to make changes to your device
4. Progress through the computer update

### Check Your Work

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/V75EW-jG6QM" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

If you can successfully update to the latest version of Windows 10,
continue below. Otherwise, reach out to your instructor for next steps.

<!-- TODO: Come back to these instructions to point to WSL 1 -->

## Check That Your Windows System has Enough Space for Flatiron School’s Requirements

The programs that we’ll be installing during environment setup and all of the
work you’ll do with Flatiron School will need at least 1 GB of free disk space.
Follow the steps below to ensure that you have enough disk space to install all
the programs needed during the environment setup.

### Action Item: Check Your Storage

1. Open the "Settings" application using the "Start" menu
2. Select the "System" option
3. On the left-hand side, select "Storage"
4. Check that the amount of free space listed beneath the "C:" drive heading is
   greater than 1 GB

### Check Your Work

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VCYoUBlDK8A" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

If your free space for your "C:" drive is greater than 1 GB, continue below.
Otherwise, use the [Disk Cleanup utility][] to free more space on your computer.

[Disk Cleanup utility]: https://www.lifewire.com/free-drive-space-with-disk-cleanup-3506869
## Install Google Chrome

Google Chrome is the browser that we will use for your Flatiron School Student
Portal account and also for front-end web development. You are not required to
use Google Chrome for personal work, but we highly encourage you to download
it for access to your account and for development in the browser.

## Action Item: Download and Install Google Chrome

1. Open the [Google Chrome webpage][] (https://www.google.com/chrome)
2. Click "Download Chrome"
3. Select "Run" from the pop-up and allow the app to make changes to your device

[Google Chrome webpage]: https://www.google.com/chrome

## Check Your Work

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nRpgVG8L6tg" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

If you can open the "Google Chrome" application using the "Start" menu,
continue below.

## Install Visual Studio Code (VS Code) on Windows

Visual Studio Code (VS Code) is the tool that you’ll use to edit your Ruby and
JavaScript files. It is a text editor that provides some really useful
extensions for developers. One such tool is an integrated terminal! This means
that you can edit your code and use your terminal in the same window. Follow the
steps below to get both set up.

### Action item: download and install Visual Studio Code

1. Open the [Visual Studio Code Download webpage][vscode download]
   https://code.visualstudio.com/Download in your browser
2. Click on the Windows download option
3. Download and run the Visual Studio Code installer
4. Complete the installer

[vscode download]: https://code.visualstudio.com/Download

### Check Your Work

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1gPuktOEc0A" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

If you can open the "Visual Studio Code" application using the "Start"
menu, continue below.

## Install the "Ubuntu" Application from the Microsoft Store

You are ready to install and set up the Ubuntu operating system! Ubuntu is a
Linux-based operating system and this is the application we’ll use to run the
remainder of the environment setup.

### Action Item: Install the "Ubuntu" Application

1. Open the "Microsoft Store" application using the "Start" menu
2. Search for "Ubuntu" (note: do not choose "Ubuntu 16.04 LTS", "Ubuntu 18.04
   LTS", or "Ubuntu 20.04LTS". Instead, choose the option that has no number
   next to it.)
3. Click "Get" and "Install" and wait for the application installation to
   complete
4. Open the "Ubuntu" application

### Check Your Work

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/rfZb5l6GBKc" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

If you can open the "Ubuntu" application using the "Start" menu, do not type
anything into the window, and continue to the next lesson, **Setting up WSL2**.
Otherwise, reach out to your teaching team for next steps.

Commit message:

Removed references to Flatiron and Flatiron School; replaced with Academy Xi.

README.md, after:

# Updating Your Windows System and Installing Applications

WSL2 is compatible with the Home, Pro, or Server editions of Windows but not
Windows 10 S (although you can often upgrade to the Home edition for free).

## Check That your Windows system is Compatible with Academy Xi’s Requirements

When working on software, your computer and the software you’re using must be
compatible. In this step, we’ll ensure that you are able to install all the
tools that you will need to complete the program.

### Action Item: Check your Windows System Specifications

1. Open the "Settings" application using the "Start" menu
2. Select the "System" option
3. Select "About" at the bottom of the list
4. Scroll down to the "Windows specifications" heading
5. Check that your "Edition" is one of the following: Windows 10 Home, Windows
   10 Pro, Windows 10 Server
6. Check that your "Version" is greater than or equal to "2004"
7. Check that your "OS build" is greater than "19041.000"

### Check Your Work

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RbmtGFuqmtw" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

If your "Edition", "Version" and "OS build" meet the requirements listed above,
skip the next step and continue below. Otherwise, continue with the next step to
update to the latest version of Windows 10.

## Update to the Latest Version of Windows 10

Before moving on, make sure that you’re using the latest version of Windows 10.
The Windows May 2020 update is essential. Follow the steps below to update your
operating system.

### Action Item: Update to the Latest Version of Windows 10

1. Open the Windows 10 Disc Image webpage
   (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/software-download/windows10)
2. Click the "Update now" button
3. Select "Run" from the pop-up and allow the app to make changes to your device
4. Progress through the computer update

### Check Your Work

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/V75EW-jG6QM" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

If you can successfully update to the latest version of Windows 10,
continue below. Otherwise, reach out to your instructor for next steps.

<!-- TODO: Come back to these instructions to point to WSL 1 -->

## Check That Your Windows System has Enough Space for Academy Xi’s Requirements

The programs that we’ll be installing during environment setup and all of the
work you’ll do with Academy Xi will need at least 1 GB of free disk space.
Follow the steps below to ensure that you have enough disk space to install all
the programs needed during the environment setup.

### Action Item: Check Your Storage

1. Open the "Settings" application using the "Start" menu
2. Select the "System" option
3. On the left-hand side, select "Storage"
4. Check that the amount of free space listed beneath the "C:" drive heading is
   greater than 1 GB

### Check Your Work

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VCYoUBlDK8A" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

If your free space for your "C:" drive is greater than 1 GB, continue below.
Otherwise, use the [Disk Cleanup utility][] to free more space on your computer.

[Disk Cleanup utility]: https://www.lifewire.com/free-drive-space-with-disk-cleanup-3506869
## Install Google Chrome

Google Chrome is the browser that we will use for your Academy Xi Student
Portal account and also for front-end web development. You are not required to
use Google Chrome for personal work, but we highly encourage you to download
it for access to your account and for development in the browser.

## Action Item: Download and Install Google Chrome

1. Open the [Google Chrome webpage][] (https://www.google.com/chrome)
2. Click "Download Chrome"
3. Select "Run" from the pop-up and allow the app to make changes to your device

[Google Chrome webpage]: https://www.google.com/chrome

## Check Your Work

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nRpgVG8L6tg" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

If you can open the "Google Chrome" application using the "Start" menu,
continue below.

## Install Visual Studio Code (VS Code) on Windows

Visual Studio Code (VS Code) is the tool that you’ll use to edit your Ruby and
JavaScript files. It is a text editor that provides some really useful
extensions for developers. One such tool is an integrated terminal! This means
that you can edit your code and use your terminal in the same window. Follow the
steps below to get both set up.

### Action item: download and install Visual Studio Code

1. Open the [Visual Studio Code Download webpage][vscode download]
   https://code.visualstudio.com/Download in your browser
2. Click on the Windows download option
3. Download and run the Visual Studio Code installer
4. Complete the installer

[vscode download]: https://code.visualstudio.com/Download

### Check Your Work

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1gPuktOEc0A" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

If you can open the "Visual Studio Code" application using the "Start"
menu, continue below.

## Install the "Ubuntu" Application from the Microsoft Store

You are ready to install and set up the Ubuntu operating system! Ubuntu is a
Linux-based operating system and this is the application we’ll use to run the
remainder of the environment setup.

### Action Item: Install the "Ubuntu" Application

1. Open the "Microsoft Store" application using the "Start" menu
2. Search for "Ubuntu" (note: do not choose "Ubuntu 16.04 LTS", "Ubuntu 18.04
   LTS", or "Ubuntu 20.04LTS". Instead, choose the option that has no number
   next to it.)
3. Click "Get" and "Install" and wait for the application installation to
   complete
4. Open the "Ubuntu" application

### Check Your Work

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/rfZb5l6GBKc" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

If you can open the "Ubuntu" application using the "Start" menu, do not type
anything into the window, and continue to the next lesson, **Setting up WSL2**.
Otherwise, reach out to your teaching team for next steps.
